My relationship with today is getting better
Don't tell him yet
I'll tell him when I solve the indecent thing.
Ah, I was just thinking
Where should we hold our wedding?
You be serious
What's wrong?
We've all been certified for so long
It's time to put the wedding on the agenda
But your mother, he doesn't have it yet, don't worry about him.
Grandma likes you
I know I can't change my past
But I can work hard for my future.
I've made up my mind.
I'm going to use the prize money from this contest
Open a personal studio
Thanks to the competition
I've got a lot of reservations already
So I'm going to chase after it
Make a name for yourself
I believe that through my efforts
One day I will be worthy of you
Your mother will change his mind about me too
You were always worthy of me
Hey, but listen to what you mean
You plan to resign from our anorexia
Then start your own business
Something like that.
You just got first place.
You think we are small
No, it's not.
I know because of all kinds of things
No one in the company likes me
And now they know I'm your wife
There must be a lot of rumors
I just wanted to focus on design.
But here's the thing.
The interview group does not allow office links.
So I took the initiative to resign
Lest President Yanda try the law himself
There is also this rule in the company
It's in the new employee handbook
Then I'll cripple him right away, no
In that case
They're going to say I'm a goblin who bewitched you again
Yes, it is.
You be serious
Do you agree?
You don't need to go through my pain to do anything you want.
And your dream is to become a family legend
Well-known designer
Support all your decisions
That's it.
I will quit my job tomorrow.
Don't be angry!
Then I'll come to see the studio now
address
What are you doing?
Let's talk about work tomorrow
It's couple time